Ollama.ai (#139)
LangStream/documentation: pipeline-agents/ai-actions/compute-ai-embeddings.md

    text: "{{ value }}"
```

### Using Ollama

> Refer to the [ollama documentation](https://ollama.ai/library) to find a list of models.

Setup the Ollama [configuration](../../configuration-resources/large-language-models-llms/ollama-configuration.md).

Add the `compute-ai-embeddings` agent:

```yaml
- name: "compute-embeddings"
  type: "compute-ai-embeddings"
  input: "input-topic" # optional
  output: "output-topic" # optional
  configuration:
    model: "llama2"
    embeddings-field: "value.embeddings"
    text: "{{ value }}"
```

{% hint style="info" %}

> Ollama models may compute embeddings but currently they are not as good as the ones provided by OpenAI or Huggingface. In the future Ollama will models specifics for embeddings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ollama models may compute embeddings but they are currently not as good as models provided by OpenAI or Huggingface. Ollama will provide models specifically for embeddings in the future.
```
